hey guys welcome back to my channel so
today I wanted to do another mascara
first impressions and this time it's the
covergirl mascara now let's just take a
second to appreciate this packaging
isn't it cute you guys it's pink it has
little flowers on it I just I'm just so
cute it's called the full lash bloom and
I pretty much saw this mascara
everywhere I went to a couple different
places today and I saw that Walmart
Walgreens and CVS so I saw it at those
few places so hopefully you guys can
find it it's really really cute a
mascara is flake resistant which is a
plus it has touchable soft full lashes
suitable for contact where's wear
contact lenses which is good because I
wear contacts so let's go ahead and test
this mascara out the other mascara that
I tested um a few days ago was the
Maybelline lash sensational mascara and
I have a first impressions on that so if
you guys have not seen it i'll link it
down below so you guys can go watch that
one and compare the two mascaras so
let's go ahead and open it what it looks
like looking cute this is what the
little one looks like the bristles it's
pink really cute but it's about to get
dirty with some mascara that's what the
name looks like on a tube it's really
cute and it looks just like the
LashBlast mascara so yeah it's part of
their lash blast line it's just called
the full lash bloom so really pretty and
I've always been a believe
fan of the LashBlast mascara so that
have been some of my favorite mascara so
very excited okay so that's what it
looks like I'll cupboard let's go ahead
and put it on and see little bit
so far this mascara has not clumped up
my lashes like the Maybelline one this
mascara the Maybelline one made my
lashes a little more clumpy and I think
you could only do one coat of this
mascara whereas the cover ground mascara
I think you can get away with two to
three coats of this and your lashes will
look really really nice they are not
clumpy it really separated my lashes and
it gave them a lot of length and some
volume so so far looks really good I
really like it's so far because it has
not made my lashes clumpy yet you know
there's some days where you just want a
little bit of mascara and you don't you
don't want them to look clumpy and then
there's other days where you don't mind
the clunkiness you want them to look
full and you kind of want them to look
like false lashes without them being
false and that's where this one comes in
handy so far they both seem like a
little great mascaras but I am gonna
wear the cover chrome I scare for a few
hours I think it's close to six o'clock
right now so I will check back in with
you guys in a few hours and I'll do my
final thoughts on the covergirl lash
full lash bloom mascara that's
name of it okay i'll see you guys into
it hey guys I'm back and it's almost
eleven o'clock so I've been wearing the
mascara for about five hours now almost
five hours and it is not flaked you guys
can see no flaking it looks really good
this mascara um when I touch it it does
not feel crunchy or hard you know
sometimes some mascaras can feel very
hard and like very crunchy these right
now they just feel very soft and
flexible so that's pretty cool I am
going to try to compare these two
mascaras I think if you're the type of
person that likes more of a clunkier
look to your lashes and you like them to
look more like you're wearing false
lashes and for like a night out and
stuff like that and for a night look
then the Maybelline mascara is going to
be the one for you if you like more of a
daytime look where it's not to come
clumpy and you just get more of a
natural look yet your lashes still look
like they're false lashes they just look
more natural these both did really great
with all day where basically none of
these mascaras flaked under my eyes
which is awesome it did not smudge or
anything like that I didn't have any
problems with that the Maybelline one
your lashes do feel crunchy with the
covergirl one they don't they feel very
soft and flexible so that's pretty cool
these two mascaras are very easy to wash
off they're just great so overall I
really do like the covergirl full lash
bloom mascara I think it's great I love
love love
the packaging I think pretty much both
these are the same price around the same
price range they both be eight dollars
so it's just kind of difficult to say i
really i really loved both of them so it
just kind of goes to the ones that you
guys prefer I've always been a really
huge fan of the covergirl mascaras
they've always been some of my favorites
but lately the Maybelline mascaras have
been really good too so it's just really
hard to decide the cool thing about it
is I guess if you think about it um
mascaras dope last you forever so you
can always you know try one first and
then try the other one so yeah I really
do like this mascara a lot and I will of
course be using it a ton if I had to
pick between these two I would say the
cover girl would be the winner just
because I I just like that this one
doesn't clump up if you're the type of
person that wants to do two to three
coats of your mascara this is going to
be the winner I love this it's great for
the bottom lashes as well so yeah I
really like this mascara let me know the
you guys think down below in the
comments just let me know what you guys
think if you guys like first impression
videos or reviews if you guys want more
of these type of videos please give this
video a thumbs up it'll help me out to
know what you guys like and don't forget
to follow me on instagram and twitter
i'm always on there and don't forget to
subscribe to my channel i'll see you
guys next time bye guys